[Music]
if you've ever played rocket League for
even a dozen or so hours online you're
probably already aware that for a pretty
tame car soccer game the community is
hilariously toxic how toxic well today
I'm gonna give you guys a unique little
glimpse at the inner workings of this
games player base it can be fickle petty
passive aggressive and downright mean
but with those shenanigans also come
some of the greatest moments you can
experience in gaming I present to you
one month of recorded toxic interactions
yeah I literally recorded every single
toxic moment I encountered over the
course at the last 30 days and I ended
up with so much material I had to cut
this down from around 30 minutes of
toxicity into the best moments that
you're about to watch despite playing
this game for over four years I was
truly amazed at what I came across for
this entire month I used a secret
account going by the name of Hans and
some clips you'll notice I'm also named
spaceman I wanted to make sure I wasn't
recognized so that you guys would see an
everyday experience in the life of a
rocket league player I hope you guys
enjoy this as much as I did also I now
have merch for the first time ever
finally launched a merch store came up
pretty clean I'm pretty happy with it so
go to shop sunless calm if you want some
of my merch hi
part 1 a sprinkle of salt i divided each
of the clips into several different
types of toxicity I'm not gonna talk
through each clip but I feel like a few
need explaining I really like this one
because I learned about something new
and that's the chase meta this guy loves
when the chasing meta works you can see
the chasing meta in action as I scored
Hans you're garbage just the chasing
Mehta
[Music]
and we're still in sprinkle of salt
section where it's just light toxicity
sometimes baffling toxicity here we're
up to goals I'm slowing that challenge
so I'm way out of the play I try to
recover Smeal isn't a to be won he loses
it but it's a tough situation so I
understand he doesn't though what are
you doing it's a good strategy to should
talk your teammate when you're up a goal
I think a common thread you'll notice in
this light toxicity is usually the
player that makes the mistake is the one
to talk here's a perfect example that
you are a joke an interesting thing
about this category of toxicity is it's
not like the person's always wrong like
you're not wrong just an [__]
[Music]
here's a good example of how you don't
want to run into your teammate there I
was going for a demo but my teammate
lets me know he's not happy with that
it's not ball chasing of course
[Music]
you
oh my god he just ran in
[Music]
you got so much to say but you cryin
like yesterday trying to read your eyes
wilkinson yes
[Music]
this one's a grave opponent and the
opponent had a console teammate score go
off a little mistake Clips my teammate
IQ is negative 5
later on flip says a shot
beautiful saved by my teammate it's all
up to the console opponent doesn't go
well see what eclipse has to say about
that the console player is baffled
[Music]
yikes this one's great because it
resulted in a flurry of discussion in
the postgame screen one simple play all
it took bro
WTF good question what what what what
did happen here
y'all need to get your head out of your
ass this is dumb
dude you're bad how's it our fault you
shadowed the ball and did nothing cuz
you're slow
E oh so you want people to double commit
on you every play and we need to push
and throw everyone out of position no
just think faster genius
[Music]
it's so easy
see
you can tell me
[Music]
kids
see
[Music]